docs: update README.md (#970)
callstack/repack: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="./logo.svg">
</p>
<p align="center">
A toolkit to build your React Native application with Rspack or Webpack.
</p>

---
<div align="center">

[![mit licence][license-badge]][license]
[![npm downloads][npm-downloads-badge]][npm-downloads]
[![Chat][chat-badge]][chat]
[![PRs Welcome][prs-welcome-badge]][prs-welcome]

</div>

Re.Pack is a next generation of [Haul](https://github.com/callstack/haul) — a Webpack-based bundler for React Native applications.

> Re.Pack uses Rspack (or Webpack 5) and React Native Community CLI's plugin system to allow you to bundle your application using Webpack and easily switch from Metro.

Reviewer: I would remove the part about Haul completely, other than that feel free to add something :)

> Re.Pack uses Rspack (or Webpack 5) and React Native Community CLI's plugin system to allow you to bundle your application using Webpack and easily switch from Metro.

Reviewer 2: @szymonrybczak sounds good I'd change this:
```diff
-It serves as a drop-in replacement for Metro, offering enhanced features and better performance.
+It serves as a drop-in replacement for Metro, offering enhanced functionality and access to a broad Webpack ecosystem.
```

> Re.Pack uses Rspack (or Webpack 5) and React Native Community CLI's plugin system to allow you to bundle your application using Webpack and easily switch from Metro.

Reviewer 2: I would also add something along the lines of:
> Re.Pack is especially useful if you consider microfrontends architecture with Module Federation for your mobile app.

> Re.Pack uses Rspack (or Webpack 5) and React Native Community CLI's plugin system to allow you to bundle your application using Webpack and easily switch from Metro.

Reviewer: yes please 🙏

> Re.Pack is a next generation of [Haul](https://github.com/callstack/haul) — a Webpack-based bundler for React Native applications.
> 
> Re.Pack uses Rspack (or Webpack 5) and React Native Community CLI's plugin system to allow you to bundle your application using Webpack and easily switch from Metro.

Author: awesome ✨ finished with:

```suggestion
Re.Pack is a modern bundler for React Native applications, powered by Rspack and Webpack.

It serves as a drop-in replacement for Metro, offering enhanced functionality and access to a broad Webpack ecosystem, making it especially useful for implementing microfrontends architecture with Module Federation in your mobile app.
```
